README.md, before:

***snackoverload***

*snackoverload* is a clone of the primary features of stackoverflow, 
but about food! Like the originial, *snackoverload* is made of questions, answers
votes, tags, and comments. I don't intend on implementing the non-essential 
features like chat, but the main stuff should be there. Hopefully. 

_Stay hungry, everybody_ :)
11/12/2013

- [x] snackoverload click goes to #
- [x] tags page in backbone
- [x] users page in backbone
- [ ] question show page in backbone

11/11/2013

- [x] BACKBONE!
- [ ] Favoriting a tag should put it in the sidebar
- [ ] Popup for non signed in users is different
- [ ] Popup should have number of tagged questions
- [ ] Popup should have number of tagging users
- [ ] Make sure all pages look ok with new sidebar layout
- [ ] Question show page has number of questions tagged and the tag itsself
- [x] Sidebar with favorite tags

11/9-10/2013

- [ ] Seed DB with less stupid data
- [ ] Guest account
- [ ] User profile has list of questions asked, list of votes
- [ ] Add validations to models
- [ ] About page with link to my github/linkedin
- [ ] Tag Favoriting
- [ ] Removal Of Favorite Tags
- [ ] Sidebar holds tags
- [x] Users link goes to index
- [x] Users index with lil' gravatars and links to profiles
- [x] User profile with gravatar, 
- [x] Fix tag-enter new-box problem
- [x] Tag page looks not so good
- [x] Improve question form
- [x] Colors on question stats on index

11/8/2013


- [x] Color indicates your vote?
- [x] Timestamps for questions
- [x] Timesstamps for comments
- [x] Timestamps for answers- [ ] Only color answers if they are more than 1
- [x] Add means to vote
- [x] AJAX up voting
- [x] Vote with triangles!

11/7/13
- [x] show vote counts
- [x] Use figaro hide secret token
- [x] Adding Comments
- [x] Question show page
- [x] Adding answers



11/6/13
- [x] Add New Tags on New Question Page
- [x] Tag Page


Later

- [ ] Custom rake task to cull guests
- [ ] Dependent destroy for ^^^^^^^^^
- [ ] Nice JavaScript feedback for stuff
- [ ] Hover over a tag and see links to google search, 
- [ ] Fork on github
- [ ] Don't allow empty answers/questions/comments
- [ ] No need to show num of tagged articles for tags everywhere
- [ ] My Tags, newest, votes, no answers tabs
- [ ] Pagination
- [ ] Choosing an answer as correct
- [ ] Limit body of question to x lines
- [ ] Modal's that pop up when you do stuff requiring login
- [ ] Dropdown's when you hover over tags with stats
- [ ] User profiles
- [ ] News feed of tags?
- [ ] Make tests for model methods
- [ ] Make tests for views
- [ ] Set UP omniauth
- [ ] Confirmed questions cannot be answered
- [ ] Put minesweeper/snake on there


Completed....

- [x] Favoriting Tags
- [x] Hover over tag menu
- [x] Hover tag menu can favorite/unfavorite a tag
- [x] Display tags in right sidebar
- [x] Guest User Account
- [x] Following tags
- [x] Set Up devise
- [x] create rails project
- [x] commit to github
- [x] favico and title
- [x] Make title bar look beautiful
- [x] Question Index
- [x] Question Entry Page - need to be able to tag
- [x] create all tables, models- [x] Set UP and push to Heroku

Commit message:

add more to show page

README.md, after:

***snackoverload***

*snackoverload* is a clone of the primary features of stackoverflow, 
but about food! Like the originial, *snackoverload* is made of questions, answers
votes, tags, and comments. I don't intend on implementing the non-essential 
features like chat, but the main stuff should be there. Hopefully. 

_Stay hungry, everybody_ :)
11/12/2013

- [ ] question answers
- [ ] comments for answers
- [x] comments for questions
- [x] tags for questions
- [x] snackoverload click goes to #
- [x] tags page in backbone
- [x] users page in backbone
- [x] question title and data
- [x] question vote block

11/11/2013

- [x] BACKBONE!
- [ ] Favoriting a tag should put it in the sidebar
- [ ] Popup for non signed in users is different
- [ ] Popup should have number of tagged questions
- [ ] Popup should have number of tagging users
- [ ] Make sure all pages look ok with new sidebar layout
- [ ] Question show page has number of questions tagged and the tag itsself
- [x] Sidebar with favorite tags

11/9-10/2013

- [ ] Seed DB with less stupid data
- [ ] Guest account
- [ ] User profile has list of questions asked, list of votes
- [ ] Add validations to models
- [ ] About page with link to my github/linkedin
- [ ] Tag Favoriting
- [ ] Removal Of Favorite Tags
- [ ] Sidebar holds tags
- [x] Users link goes to index
- [x] Users index with lil' gravatars and links to profiles
- [x] User profile with gravatar, 
- [x] Fix tag-enter new-box problem
- [x] Tag page looks not so good
- [x] Improve question form
- [x] Colors on question stats on index

11/8/2013


- [x] Color indicates your vote?
- [x] Timestamps for questions
- [x] Timesstamps for comments
- [x] Timestamps for answers- [ ] Only color answers if they are more than 1
- [x] Add means to vote
- [x] AJAX up voting
- [x] Vote with triangles!

11/7/13
- [x] show vote counts
- [x] Use figaro hide secret token
- [x] Adding Comments
- [x] Question show page
- [x] Adding answers



11/6/13
- [x] Add New Tags on New Question Page
- [x] Tag Page


Later

- [ ] Custom rake task to cull guests
- [ ] Dependent destroy for ^^^^^^^^^
- [ ] Nice JavaScript feedback for stuff
- [ ] Hover over a tag and see links to google search, 
- [ ] Fork on github
- [ ] Don't allow empty answers/questions/comments
- [ ] No need to show num of tagged articles for tags everywhere
- [ ] My Tags, newest, votes, no answers tabs
- [ ] Pagination
- [ ] Choosing an answer as correct
- [ ] Limit body of question to x lines
- [ ] Modal's that pop up when you do stuff requiring login
- [ ] Dropdown's when you hover over tags with stats
- [ ] User profiles
- [ ] News feed of tags?
- [ ] Make tests for model methods
- [ ] Make tests for views
- [ ] Set UP omniauth
- [ ] Confirmed questions cannot be answered
- [ ] Put minesweeper/snake on there


Completed....

- [x] Favoriting Tags
- [x] Hover over tag menu
- [x] Hover tag menu can favorite/unfavorite a tag
- [x] Display tags in right sidebar
- [x] Guest User Account
- [x] Following tags
- [x] Set Up devise
- [x] create rails project
- [x] commit to github
- [x] favico and title
- [x] Make title bar look beautiful
- [x] Question Index
- [x] Question Entry Page - need to be able to tag
- [x] create all tables, models- [x] Set UP and push to Heroku
